OSDOCS-11882: adds module to IPv6 config MicroShift (#81439)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-nw-ipv6-dual-stack-reset-ipfam.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift_configuring/microshift-nw-ipv6-config.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="microshift-nw-ipv6-dual-stack-reset-ipfam_{context}"]
= Resetting the IP family policy for application pods and services

> Updating your {microshift-short} configuration to dual-stack networking does not automatically update the default `ipFamilyPolicy` value of `PreferSingleStack` in all services. You must update the value of `ipFamilyPolicy` manually to enable dual-stack networking in services and application pods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you update your {microshift-short} configuration to dual-stack networking, the default `ipFamilyPolicy` value of `PreferSingleStack` is not automatically updated in all services. To enable dual-stack networking in services and application pods, you must update the `ipFamilyPolicy` value.
```

.Prerequisites

* You used the {microshift-short} `config.yaml` to define a dual-stack network with an IPv6 address family.

.Procedure

. Set the `spec.ipFamilyPolicy` field to a valid value for dual-stack networking in your service or pod by using the following example:
+
.Example dual-stack network configuration for a service
[source,yaml]
----
kind: Service
apiVersion: v1
metadata:
  name: microshift-new-service
  labels: app: microshift-application
spec:
  type: NodePort
  ipFamilyPolicy: `PreferDualStack` # <1>
# ...
----
<1> Required. Valid values for dual-stack networking are `PreferDualStack` and `RequireDualStack`. The value you set depends on the requirements of your application. `PreferSingleStack` is the default value for the `ipFamilyPolicy` field.

> . Restart any application pods that do not have `hostNetwork` defined. Pods that do have `hostNetwork` defined do not need to be restarted to update the `ipFamilyPolicy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Restart any application pods that do not have the `hostNetwork` value defined. Pods that do have the `hostNetwork` value defined do not need to be restarted to update the `ipFamilyPolicy` value.
```

[NOTE]
====

> {microshift-short} system services and pods are automatically updated when the `ipFamilyPolicy` is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{microshift-short} system services and pods are automatically updated when the `ipFamilyPolicy` value is updated.
```
